{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 [KATE, TREVOR, JEFF, IAN, JEREMIE]\
\
Company Name:
\b0  \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 McNulty and Associates Insurance Co., Inc.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa186

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 Overall Goals:
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa186

\f0\fs30 \cf2 The McNulty and Associates data science team has built several predictive models to better understand the risk faced by our customers of developing coronary heart disease. \'a0The main purpose in building these models was to identify which data points are the \cf0 principal predictors of coronary heart disease, and to use these models to survey demographic data from different regions of the USA / world to assess heart disease risk.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 This information will enable us to better understand both the questions to ask and the tests to perform to best assess an individual\'92s risk of coronary heart disease. This will lead to increased efficiency in our data collection techniques and improve our ability to accurately assess the overall risk of insuring the individual.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Agenda:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Kate Thompson
\b0  will be exploring whether demographic/lifestyle information can be used to accurately assess heart disease risk.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Trevor Bedrin
\b0  will be investigating the subset of medical diagnostic tools that are the most effective principal predictors of coronary heart disease and will be reporting on the accuracy of the resulting model.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Jeremie Cohen
\b0 , will be studying the evolution of the lifestyle (nutrition, tobacco use etc...) these last twenty years and determine what are the behavioral factors that have had the greatest impact on heart diseases.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Ian Crane
\b0  will be investigating whether it is feasible to assess future heart disease risk based on the development of other serious medical conditions by patients.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Jeff Cheng
\b0 , will be assessing heart disease risk in different regions of the United States to identify high-risk regions.
\f1\fs24 \
}